feat: Add tf module (#91)
canonical/sdcore-upf-operator: terraform/README.md

# SD-Core UPF Terraform Module

> This folder contains a base [Terraform][Terraform] module for the sdcore-gnbsim charm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains a base [Terraform][Terraform] module for the sdcore-upf machine charm.
```

The module uses the [Terraform Juju provider][Terraform Juju provider] to model the charm
deployment onto any machine managed by [Juju][Juju].

The module can be used to deploy the UPF separately as well as a part of a higher level module,
depending on the deployment architecture.

## Module structure

- **main.tf** - Defines the Juju application to be deployed.
- **variables.tf** - Allows customization of the deployment. Except for exposing the deployment
  options (Juju model name, channel or application name) also allows overwriting charm's default
  configuration.
- **output.tf** - Responsible for integrating the module with other Terraform modules, primarily
  by defining potential integration endpoints (charm integrations), but also by exposing
  the application name.
- **terraform.tf** - Defines the Terraform provider.

## Deploying sdcore-upf base module separately

### Pre-requisites

- A host with a CPU supporting AVX2 and RDRAND instructions (Intel Haswell, AMD Excavator or equivalent)
- Juju controller bootstrapped to a LXD cluster

> - A Juju machine manually representing the host added to the controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Juju machine representing the host manually added to the controller
```

- Terraform

### Deploying UPF with Terraform

Clone the `sdcore-upf-operator` Git repository.

From inside the `terraform` folder, initialize the provider:

```shell
terraform init
```

Create Terraform plan:

```shell

> terraform plan

Author: L28 states that you need the machine already created, which you cannot do without a model. Is it worth mentioning it in the pre-requisites, or is implicit good enough?

> terraform plan

Reviewer 2: The latest commit makes it clear enough. Thank you!
